Update migration-warning.mdx (#10408)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/migrate/_snippets/migration-warning.mdx

> Prior to starting a historical data migration, ensure you do the following:
> 1. Talk to the PostHog Sales team if you are sending > 20M events and do not want to be charged
> 2. Create a project on our [US](https://us.posthog.com/signup) or [EU](https://eu.posthog.com/signup) Cloud.

> > 3. Sign up to a paid product analytics plan on [the billing page](https://us.posthog.com/organization/billing) (historic imports are free but this unlocks the necessary features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 3. Sign up to a paid product analytics plan on [the billing page](https://us.posthog.com/organization/billing) to unlock necessary features (assuming you've talked to our team, historic imports are free though very large volumes may be subject to some sort of contract).
```
